c:\users\tono\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ITAPS_LIDL\ITAPS_LIDL\obj\Debug\ITAPS_LIDL.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\tono\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ITAPS_LIDL\ITAPS_LIDL\obj\Debug\Introduction.g.cs
c:\users\tono\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ITAPS_LIDL\ITAPS_LIDL\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\tono\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ITAPS_LIDL\ITAPS_LIDL\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\tono\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ITAPS_LIDL\ITAPS_LIDL\obj\Debug\ITAPS_LIDL_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\tono\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ITAPS_LIDL\ITAPS_LIDL\obj\Debug\ITAPS_LIDL_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\tono\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ITAPS_LIDL\ITAPS_LIDL\bin\Debug\ITAPS_LIDL.exe.config
c:\users\tono\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ITAPS_LIDL\ITAPS_LIDL\bin\Debug\ITAPS_LIDL.exe
c:\users\tono\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ITAPS_LIDL\ITAPS_LIDL\bin\Debug\ITAPS_LIDL.pdb
c:\users\tono\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ITAPS_LIDL\ITAPS_LIDL\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:\users\tono\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ITAPS_LIDL\ITAPS_LIDL\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
c:\users\tono\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ITAPS_LIDL\ITAPS_LIDL\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:\users\tono\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ITAPS_LIDL\ITAPS_LIDL\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.pdb
c:\users\tono\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ITAPS_LIDL\ITAPS_LIDL\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
c:\users\tono\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ITAPS_LIDL\ITAPS_LIDL\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.pdb
c:\users\tono\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ITAPS_LIDL\ITAPS_LIDL\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.pdb
c:\users\tono\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ITAPS_LIDL\ITAPS_LIDL\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
c:\users\tono\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ITAPS_LIDL\ITAPS_LIDL\obj\Debug\Introduction.baml
c:\users\tono\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ITAPS_LIDL\ITAPS_LIDL\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\tono\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ITAPS_LIDL\ITAPS_LIDL\obj\Debug\ITAPS_LIDL.g.resources
c:\users\tono\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ITAPS_LIDL\ITAPS_LIDL\obj\Debug\ITAPS_LIDL.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\tono\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ITAPS_LIDL\ITAPS_LIDL\obj\Debug\ITAPS_LIDL.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\tono\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ITAPS_LIDL\ITAPS_LIDL\obj\Debug\ITAPS_LIDL.exe
c:\users\tono\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ITAPS_LIDL\ITAPS_LIDL\obj\Debug\ITAPS_LIDL.pdb
C:\Users\Tono\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ITAPS_LIDL\ITAPS_LIDL\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Tono\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ITAPS_LIDL\ITAPS_LIDL\bin\Debug\Telerivet.Client.dll
C:\Users\Tono\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ITAPS_LIDL\ITAPS_LIDL\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Tono\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ITAPS_LIDL\ITAPS_LIDL\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
C:\Users\Tono\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ITAPS_LIDL\ITAPS_LIDL\obj\Debug\MainPage.baml
C:\Users\Tono\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ITAPS_LIDL\ITAPS_LIDL\obj\Debug\TabulkaUvery.g.cs
C:\Users\Tono\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ITAPS_LIDL\ITAPS_LIDL\obj\Debug\TabulkaUvery.baml
C:\Users\Tono\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ITAPS_LIDL\ITAPS_LIDL\obj\Debug\LogSkusky.g.cs
C:\Users\Tono\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ITAPS_LIDL\ITAPS_LIDL\obj\Debug\LogSkusky.baml
C:\Users\Tono\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ITAPS_LIDL\ITAPS_LIDL\obj\Debug\Users.g.cs
C:\Users\Tono\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ITAPS_LIDL\ITAPS_LIDL\obj\Debug\Users.baml
C:\Users\Tono\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ITAPS_LIDL\ITAPS_LIDL\obj\Debug\EditUser.g.cs
C:\Users\Tono\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ITAPS_LIDL\ITAPS_LIDL\obj\Debug\EditUser.baml
